Document that azure-iot-sdk-c does not currently support HTTPS proxy, only HTTP (#2546)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/Iothub_sdk_options.md

| `"x509privatekey"`                | SU_OPTION_X509_PRIVATE_KEY      | const char*        | Sets the private key for the RSA x509 certificate.  (Also available from [iothub_client_options.h][iothub-client-options-h] as `OPTION_X509_PRIVATE_KEY`.)
| `"x509EccCertificate"`            | OPTION_X509_ECC_CERT            | const char*        | Sets the ECC x509 certificate used for connection authentication
| `"x509EccAliasKey"`               | OPTION_X509_ECC_KEY             | const char*        | Sets the private key for the ECC x509 certificate

> | `"proxy_data"`                    | OPTION_HTTP_PROXY               | [HTTP_PROXY_OPTIONS*][shared-util-options-h]| Http proxy data object used for proxy connection to IoT Hub (HTTP-only, no HTTPS proxy supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"proxy_data"`                    | OPTION_HTTP_PROXY               | [HTTP_PROXY_OPTIONS*][shared-util-options-h]| Http proxy data object used for proxy connection to IoT Hub (HTTP-only, HTTPS proxy is not supported)
```

| `"x509certificate"`          | OPTION_X509_CERT                | const char*       | Sets an RSA x509 certificate used for connection authentication
| `"x509privatekey"`           | OPTION_X509_PRIVATE_KEY         | const char*       | Sets the private key for the RSA x509 certificate
| `"TrustedCerts"`             | OPTION_TRUSTED_CERT             | const char*       | Azure Server certificate used to validate TLS connection to IoT Hub and Azure Storage

> | `"proxy_data"`               | OPTION_HTTP_PROXY               | [HTTP_PROXY_OPTIONS*][shared-util-options-h] | Http proxy data object used for proxy connection to IoT Hub and Azure Storage (HTTP-only, no HTTPS proxy supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"proxy_data"`               | OPTION_HTTP_PROXY               | [HTTP_PROXY_OPTIONS*][shared-util-options-h] | Http proxy data object used for proxy connection to IoT Hub and Azure Storage (HTTP-only, HTTPS proxy is not supported)
```
